Chat: add Speech-to-text feature API descriptions (#8504)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxChat/1 Configuration/speechToTextOptions.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Configures Speech-to-Text options.

---

> To enable the Speech-to-Text feature, set the [speechToTextEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#speechToTextEnabled) option to `true`. Use this option to configure the feature's behavior and appearance or to specify [customSpeechRecognizer](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSpeechToText/Configuration/#customSpeechRecognizer).

Reviewer: You mention `speechToTextEnabled` option in the first sentence and say "use this option" in the second. It reads like you still talk about `speechToTextEnabled`. 

  
```suggestion
To enable the Speech-to-Text feature, set the [speechToTextEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#speechToTextEnabled) option to `true`. Use the **speechToTextOptions** property to configure the feature's behavior and appearance or to specify a [customSpeechRecognizer](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSpeechToText/Configuration/#customSpeechRecognizer).
```

> To enable the Speech-to-Text feature, set the [speechToTextEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#speechToTextEnabled) option to `true`. Use this option to configure the feature's behavior and appearance or to specify [customSpeechRecognizer](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSpeechToText/Configuration/#customSpeechRecognizer). Use the [inputFieldText](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChat/Configuration/#inputFieldText) option to get the dictated text.

Reviewer 2: > Use the [inputFieldText] option to get the dictated text.

I'm not sure if it's worth recommending. This field is used to set the text in the first place. The actual text can be obtained from the STT configuration by adding onResult.

> You can specify most [SpeechToText properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSpeechToText/Configuration/) in this object, except for the properties listed below. Chat overrides these properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify most [SpeechToText properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSpeechToText/Configuration/) in this object, except for the properties listed below. The Chat component overrides these properties.
```
